Detection of protein-protein interactions has previously been a balance between specificity ( background reduction ) and affinity ( detection of weak interactions ) .	fact
Recently , the introduction of stable isotope labeling ,	none
to distinguish specific from unspecific interaction partners ( Blagoev et al , 2003 ; Ranish et al , 2003 )	none
Based on this principle , we have developed a proteomic screen for peptide motif-based interactions ( Schulze and Mann , 2004 ) .	method
Using synthetic peptide pairs in phosphorylated and unphosphorylated form	method
, pull-down experiments are performed to enrich specific binding partners to the phosphorylated bait peptides .	method
These proteins are subsequently identified and quantified by mass spectrometry .	method
In this study , by further method development , we greatly increased the throughput of the analysis allowing	method
us to profile the entire phosphotyrosine interactome of the ErbB-receptor family	method

Two recent reports suggested a correlation between p130CAS phosphorylation level and cell migration rate .	result
In both studies , a kinase was transfected in the cells .	method
One used v-Src , for which p130CAS is a direct substrate ( Fincham and Frame , 1998 ) ,	fact
while the other overexpressed FAK , that , once activated , binds both c-Src and its substrate p130CAS ( Cary et al. , 1998 )	result
In both studies , hyperphosphorylation of p130CAS was associated with an increase in rate of migration .	result
Since p130CAS is a substrate for PTP-PEST ( Garton et al. , 1996 )	result
, removal of this PTP results in hyperphosphorylation of p130CAS ( Cote et al. , 1998 ) .	result
We decided	goal
to investigate whether the absence of this PTP would result in a change in the motility of these cells	goal
The two cell lines used were heterozygous and homozygous for the PTP-PEST deletion .	method
To minimize any dominant negative effects from the targeted allele	method
, comparisons were made between the homozygous and the heterozygous cell lines .	method

